Mention mid-stream trailers in the FAQ. (#1165)
httpwg/http-extensions: draft-ietf-httpbis-digest-headers.md

   to send a checksum of a resource representation with no content codings
   applied.

8. What about mid-stream trailers?

   While
   [mid-stream trailers](https://github.com/httpwg/http-core/issues/313#issuecomment-584389706)

>    are interesting, being this specification a rewrite of [RFC3230] we do not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   are interesting, since this specification is a rewrite of [RFC3230] we do not
```

>    think we should face that. As a first thought, future works on digest-algorithms
>    may consider mid-stream trailers though.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   think we should face that. As a first thought, nothing in this document 
   precludes future work that would find a use for mid-stream trailers, for 
   example an incremental digest-algorithm. A document defining such a
   digest-algorithm is best positioned to describe how it is used.
```
